docs(autofix): update Autofix description and add coding agent handoff section (#17366)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/autofix/index.mdx

![Screenshot of Seer showing code it generated =800x](../img/coding-step.png)

### Handoff to Claude Code, Cursor Cloud Agents, or Copilot

> Instead of having Seer generate the code fix directly, you can hand off the root cause analysis and solution plan to an external coding agent for implementation. This lets you leverage the strengths of specialized code generation tools while still benefiting from Seer's deep Sentry-context-aware debugging.

Reviewer: the handoff only applies to the final solution & coding step. 

The RCA step is always handled by Seer Agent and our internal dataset/tools.

It's like:
```
RCA (seer agent) -> Plan (seer agent) -> Code (any agent, Create PR optional)
```

Supported coding agents for handoff:

- **Claude Code** — Anthropic's agentic coding tool. Seer passes the root cause and solution as a structured prompt that Claude Code can act on directly in your terminal or CI environment.
- **Cursor Cloud Agents** — Cursor's cloud-hosted background agents. Seer can trigger a Cursor Cloud Agent to implement the fix asynchronously, without requiring your local IDE to be open.

> - **GitHub Copilot** — GitHub Copilot coding agent. Seer opens a GitHub issue or PR with the full context, which Copilot can then pick up and implement.

Reviewer 2: I think the first sentence in all of these that describes each coding agent is unnecessary. I assume this doc is targeting someone who is already using one of these agents, we don't need to explain what they are.

> To enable coding agent handoff, connect a coding agent integration in [Integrations settings](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/integrations/?category=coding%20agent). Once connected, the handoff option will appear at the Code Generation step of the Autofix flow, alongside the standard "Create PR" and "Checkout locally" options.

Reviewer 2: Probably a good spot for a screenshot or Arcade.

<Alert>

> Coding agent integrations handle their own authentication and repository access. Make sure the agent has access to the same repositories connected to your Sentry project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Alert>
Coding agent integrations handle their own authentication and repository access. Make sure the agent can access the same repositories connected to your Sentry project.
```
